0.86 changelog (#35693)
microsoft/PowerToys: README.md

 - Improved exception logging by adding the type of Exception and InnerException. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

### Advanced Paste

 - Added new built-in actions: Image to text, and paste txt, png or html as a file.

### Mouse Jump

 - Refactored the common classes into a separate project. Thanks [@mikeclayton](https://github.com/mikeclayton)!
 - Brought back the telemetry events that were deleted across previous refactoring efforts.

### Mouse Without Borders

 - Refactored the Logger common classes. Thanks [@mikeclayton](https://github.com/mikeclayton)!

### New+

 - Fixed the telemetry event for when the modules is enabled or disabled. (This was a hotfix for 0.85)
 - Fixed bug when creating folders or files that contain Unicode characters. Thanks [@cgaarden](https://github.com/cgaarden)!
 - Fixed bug when the name of a new folder collided with an already existing folder. Thanks [@cgaarden](https://github.com/cgaarden)!
 - Updated the New+ icons to the fluent style.

### Peek

 - Folder preview enumeration of size and number of files is now more responsive and faster. Thanks [@daverayment](https://github.com/daverayment)!

### PowerToys Run

>  - Handled a culture not found error when checking for RtL languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Handled a culture not found error when checking for right-to-left languages.
```

 - The Unit Converter plugin will now show more significant digits. Thanks [@PesBandi](https://github.com/PesBandi)!
 - Improved error handling when copying to the clipboard results in an error. Thanks [@PesBandi](https://github.com/PesBandi)!

### Quick Accent

 - Added support for the Serbian Cyrillic character set. Thanks [@Sirozha1337](https://github.com/Sirozha1337)!

### Registry Preview

 - Adopted the Monaco Editor as the UI text editor. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

### Settings

 - Fixed a crash when trying to access a non-existing templates folder from the New+ page. (This was a hotfix for 0.85)
 - Added a navigation tree to group utilities in the left navigation menu.
 - Sorted the list of languages in the language selection combo box in the General tab. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!
 - Fixed the state of the info bar about templates not being backed up to not close and react to the module's enabled state in the New+ page. Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)!
 - Fixed a crash caused by a dangling thread.

>  - Clicking a notification about there being an updated available should now correctly open the Settings application in the General tab.
>  - Fixed an UI freeze when trying to access the Diagnostic Data Viewer files. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

Reviewer 2: Hi, thank you very much for the new release. Just letting you know of two typos I noticed while reading the notes :)

```suggestion
 - Clicking a notification about there being an update available should now correctly open the Settings application in the General tab.
 - Fixed a UI freeze when trying to access the Diagnostic Data Viewer files. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!
```
